He's your son?
Well, handsome dad, you know my mom
Su Ran
Did you bring your son to seduce Yan Qing again?
Do you know Su Ran's son?
But only know him
Showing off that you are his son's godfather
So you've already planned it
To take me down
Let your son approach me early? I didn't
Ok you won't leave
Let's go handsome dad don't go
Mom is handsome, why is dad angry?
There was some misunderstanding between Dad and him
Just explain it clearly
Yan Ting, I will never give up on you this time.
I think there is some misunderstanding between us.
When can I make it clear in person?
Working now
Don't worry.
I don't think the misunderstanding between us is important
That's all for today.